[DOCS] Updates ML setup page (#1858)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/ml/setup.asciidoc

<titleabbrev>Setup and security</titleabbrev>
++++

[discrete]
[[requirements-overview]]
== Requirements overview

To use the {stack} {ml-features}, you must have:

[%interactive]
- [ ] the {subscriptions}[appropriate subscription] level or the free trial 
  period activated
- [ ] `xpack.ml.enabled` set to its default value of `true` on every node in the 
  cluster (refer to {ref}/ml-settings.html[{ml-cap} settings in {es}])
- [ ] `ml` value defined in the list of `node.roles` on the 
  {ref}/modules-node.html#ml-node[{ml} nodes]
- [ ] {ml} features visible in the {kib} space
- [ ] security privileges assigned to the user that:
    * grant use of {ml-features}, and
    * grant access to source and destination indices.

TIP: The fastest way to get started with {ml-features} is to
{ess-trial}[start a free 14-day trial of {ess}] in the cloud.

[discrete]
[[setup-privileges]]
== Security privileges

Security privileges can be assigned as either {es} privileges or {kib} feature 

> privileges. The user is granted the most permissive combination of both. You can 

Reviewer: Nit picking here:
`The user is granted the most permissive combination of both.` is only true when using Kibana (non dev tools). We're restricting it two sentences later: `If you use {ml-features} via {es} APIs [...]`, but I'm wondering if we want to slightly modify this initial statement to make it crystal clear.

* [ ] {data-sources} for your source indices
* [ ] `read`, and `view_index_metadata` index privileges on your source indices
* [ ] {data-sources}, `read`, `manage`, and `index` index privileges on 
  destination indices (for {dfanalytics-jobs} only)

Within a {kib} space, for read-only access to the {ml-features}, you must have:

[%interactive]
* [ ] `Read` {kib} privileges for the {ml-features}
* [ ] {data-sources} for your source indices
* [ ] `read` index privilege on your source indices
* [ ] {data-sources} and `read` index privilegeson destination indices (for 
  {dfanalytics-jobs} only)

NOTE: {data-sources-cap} can be automatically created when creating a 
{dfanalytics-job}.

For access to use {ml} APIs via _Dev Tools_ in {kib}, set the {es} security 
privileges and grant access to `machine_learning_admin` or 
`machine_learning_user` built-in roles.

[discrete]
[[upload-file-security-privileges]]
=== Security privileges for {data-viz}

Within a {kib} space, to upload and import files in the *{data-viz}*, you must 
have:

[%interactive]
- [ ] Kibana feature privileges that grant use of File Upload, either:
  * `All` Machine Learning or
  * `All` Discover or

>   * `Read` Machine Learning and `All` Data View Management 

Reviewer: I've tested all of the combinations and couldn't get it working with just `All` for Discover (and ofc all required index privileges). Not sure where this requirement came from, but we should double check what to expect - maybe we have a bug here.

Author: Thank you for your help @pheyos! I'd like to backport these changes to 7.16. Just to double-check: does the security information apply to 7.16 as well?

Reviewer: @szabosteve I think we have some small differences in 7.16, but let me double check.

Reviewer: The changes we had from 7.16 to 8.0 are only around ML now being part of Kibana's `base` privileges. We tell the reader that `All Kibana privileges for the machine learning features` or `Read Kibana privileges for the machine learning features` are required, but we don't mention HOW to set these, so our documentation is valid for both versions and I can't spot anything that would need a 7.16 specific change.

<titleabbrev>Setup and security</titleabbrev>
++++

[discrete]
[[requirements-overview]]
== Requirements overview

To use the {stack} {ml-features}, you must have:

[%interactive]
- [ ] the {subscriptions}[appropriate subscription] level or the free trial 
  period activated
- [ ] `xpack.ml.enabled` set to its default value of `true` on every node in the 
  cluster (refer to {ref}/ml-settings.html[{ml-cap} settings in {es}])
- [ ] `ml` value defined in the list of `node.roles` on the 
  {ref}/modules-node.html#ml-node[{ml} nodes]

> - [ ] {ml} features visible in the {kib} space

Reviewer 2: This top section is meant to give summary info for all aspects; license, node settings, spaces and privileges. For now, I think it is worth mentioning all at a high level.

* [ ] `read` index privileges on source indices
* [ ] `read` index privileges on destination indices (for {dfanalytics-jobs}
  only)

[discrete]
[[kib-visibility-spaces]]
=== {kib} feature visibility in Spaces

In {kib}, the {ml-features} must be visible in your
{kibana-ref}/xpack-spaces.html#spaces-control-feature-visibility[space]. To 
control which features are visible in your space, use **{stack-manage-app}** > 
_{kib}_ > _Spaces_.

[role="screenshot"]
image::spaces.jpg["Manage spaces in {kib}"]

In addition to index privileges, source {data-sources} must also exist in the 
same space as your {ml} jobs. These can be configured in **{stack-manage-app}** 
> _{kib}_ > _{data-sources-caps}_.

Each {ml} job can be assigned to all, one or multiple spaces. This can be 
configured in **{stack-manage-app}** > _Alerts and Insights_ > 
_Machine Learning Jobs_. To assign a job to a space, select the spaces icon 
shown in the job list.

[role="screenshot"]
image::assign-job-spaces.jpg["Assign machine learning jobs to spaces"]

[discrete]
[[kib-security-privileges]]
=== {kib} user

Within a {kib} space, for full access to the {ml-features}, you must have:

[%interactive]

> * [ ] `All` {kib} privileges for the {ml-features}

Reviewer 2: It has just struck me that we can be clearer here..

`All Kibana privileges for the machine learning features` -- the words "machine learning" are a long way from "all".

Should this be:
`Machine Learning: All` Kibana feature privileges.

This might be a nice way to differentiate Kibana and es privileges.

Reviewer: I like this change - makes it easier to read and also easier to match the docs text with the options in the roles UI. We should apply this style to all Kibana feature privileges that we mention here (Machine Learning, Discover, Data View Management).

Author: Changed in 6796c74.

* [ ] {data-sources-caps} Management: `All` {kib} feature privileges
* [ ] `read`, and `view_index_metadata` index privileges on your source indices
* [ ] {data-sources} for your source indices
* [ ] {data-sources}, `read`, `manage`, and `index` index privileges on 
  destination indices (for {dfanalytics-jobs} only)

Within a {kib} space, for read-only access to the {ml-features}, you must have:

[%interactive]
* [ ] Machine Learning: `Read` {kib} privileges
* [ ] {data-sources} for your source indices
* [ ] `read` index privilege on your source indices

> * [ ] {data-sources} and `read` index privilegeson destination indices (for 

Reviewer: Nit: 
```suggestion
* [ ] {data-sources} and `read` index privileges on destination indices (for 
```

NOTE: {data-sources-cap} can be automatically created when creating a 
{dfanalytics-job}.

For access to use {ml} APIs via _Dev Tools_ in {kib}, set the {es} security 
privileges and grant access to `machine_learning_admin` or 
`machine_learning_user` built-in roles.

[discrete]
[[upload-file-security-privileges]]
=== Security privileges for {data-viz}

Within a {kib} space, to upload and import files in the *{data-viz}*, you must 
have:

[%interactive]
- [ ] `All` or `Read` Machine Learning or `All` Discover {kib} feature 
  privileges
- [ ] `All` {data-sources-caps} Management {kib} feature privileges (required 

>   for automatic {data-source} creation)

Reviewer: This is actually also required to create data views via the data frame analytics wizard. In the section above we have the note `{data-sources-cap} can be automatically created when creating a 
{dfanalytics-job}.`. I'm wondering if we'd like to repeat this requirement in the note above or if we even want to extract this bit such that it work for both sections.
Any thoughts on this @szabosteve @sophiec20 ?

Author: Changed in 6796c74.
